>> Announcer: PREVIOUSLY ON
"BIG BROTHER," AFTER CODY SWUNG
INTO POWER --
>> FIRST H.O.H. OF THE
SEASON.
NOW I JUST HAVE TO MAKE A
DECISION ON WHO TO PUT UP.
>> Announcer: HE RECRUITED HIS
GENERALS.
>> I'M EXCITED, BRO.
>> MYSELF, MARK AND MATT, I FELT
LIKE WE'VE BEEN ON THE SAME PAGE
SINCE DAY ONE.
>> Announcer: THEN HE FILLED
OUT HIS RANKS.
>> THE SECOND CORE IS THE BABES,
CHRISTMAS, DOMINIQUE, RAVEN,
JESSICA AND ALAINA.
THEN THERE'S THIS GROUP I
CONSIDER THE OUTSIDERS, MEGAN,
RAMSEY, JASON, JILLIAN, PAUL.
>> Announcer: SHOWMANCES WERE
QUICKLY A GO.
>> EXCITED?
>> VERY.
>> Announcer: AT THE
NOMINATION CEREMONY, TWO
OUTSIDERS FOUND THEMSELVES ON
THE BLOCK.
>> I'VE NOMINATED YOU, JILLIAN,
AND YOU, MEGAN.
>> Announcer: BUT CODY TEASED
OF A POSSIBLE BACK-UP PLAN.
>> PAUL, DUDE, YOU'RE STILL ON
MY RADAR.
IF ONE OF THOSE GIRLS COMES OFF
THE BLOCK, YOU'RE STILL A
POSSIBILITY.
>> Announcer: A NEW TWIST WAS
UNLEASHED ON THE HOUSE.
>> EACH WEEK AMERICA WILL VOTE
TO TEMPT ONE HOUSEGUEST INSIDE
THE DEN.
IF THE TEMPTATION IS ACCEPTED,
IT WILL UNLEASH A CONSEQUENCE ON
THE HOUSE.
>> Announcer: AND AMERICA
VOTED TO TEMPT PAUL WITH THE
PENDENT OF PROTECTION.
ACCEPT THIS AND THE PENDENT WILL
PROTECT YOU AT THE NEXT THREE
EVICTIONS.
ALTHOUGH YOU WILL BE SAFE FOR
THREE WEEKS, ONE OF YOUR
HOUSEMATES WILL BE IN JEOPARDY.
>> Announcer: AFTER A GAME OF
TELEPHONE WENT WRONG...
>> I'D RATHER NOT.
HE'S OVER.
THERE I'D RATHER NOT DEAL WITH
THAT.
>> APPARENTLY YOU'RE RACIST.
>> Announcer: JESSICA WENT THE
CLEAR THE AIR WITH ALICE.
>> I THINK SHE WENT AND
MANIPULATED HOW I SAID THAT.
>> Announcer: PUTTING MEGAN IN
THE LINE OF FIRE.
>> YOU LIED AND MADE UP A RACIST
COMMENT.
>> I DID NOT MAKE UP A RACIST
>> THEN WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Announcer: WITH EMOTIONS
HIGH...
>> I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN HANDLE
THIS.
>> Announcer: MEGAN WENT TO
THE DIARY ROOM NEVER TO RETURN.
>> MEGAN WILL NO LONGER BE
PARTICIPATING IN "BIG BROTHER"
THIS SUMMER.
>> WHAT?
>> WOW.
>> Announcer: LEAVING AN EMPTY
SEAT ON THE CHOPPING BLOCK.
SINGS MEGAN WAS NOMINATED FOR
EVICTION, I AS HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD
WILL HAVE TO PICK A NEW NOMINEE.
>> Announcer: CODE OWE TRIED
TO EXTEND AN OLIVE BRANCH TO
ALEX.
>> YOU WOULD NEVER CONSIDER
COMING OVER?
>> I HAVE SUCH RESPECT FOR HER,
AND I'M TRYING EXTEND WHATEVER
KIND OF BRIDGE I CAN FOR HER TO
COME OVER TO MY SIDE OF THE
HOUSE.
>> Announcer: BUT THE GAMER
DIDN'T WANT TO PLAY.
>> THE BEST THING WOULD BE
BREAKING UP YOU GUYS.
>> YOU'RE KILLING ME.
>> Announcer: SO SHE FOUND
HERSELF ON ON THE BLOCK.
>> Announcer: I'VE NOMINATED
YOU, ALEX.
>> Announcer: TONIGHT WILL THE
POWER OF VETO SAVE ALEX OR
JILLIAN, OR WILL CODY SET HIS
SIGHTS ON A NEW TARGET?
PLUS WHICH HOUSEGUEST WILL
SUFFER A CURSE INSIDE THE DEN OF
TEMPTATION?
FIND OUT RIGHT NOW ON "BIG
BROTHER."
>> THIS CHICK IS WRAPPING
HERSELF IN FREEDOM.
>> THIS NOMINATION CEREMONY IS
ADJOURNED.
BECAUSE MEGAN IS NO LONGER IN
THIS GAME, I HAD TO NOMINATE
SOMEONE.
IT WAS ALEX.
EVEN THOUGH ALEX IS GUNNING FOR
PEOPLE ON MY SIDE OF THE HOUSE,
I RESPECT ALEX.
I THINK SHE DESERVES TO BE HERE,
BUT I HAD THE MAKE THIS MOVE TO
KEEP MY SIDE OF THE HOUSE HAPPY.
RIGHT NOW I'M JUST DOING WHAT'S
BEST FOR THE TEAM.
>> WE'RE IN A GREAT POSITION.
WE SEEM TO BE UNUP TOABLE.
WE HAVE ALL THE COUPLES.
WE HAVE DOMINIQUE, WE HAVE PAUL
AND CHRISTMAS.
IT SHOULD BE SMOOTH SAILING THE
NEXT FEW WEEKS.
>> EVEN THOUGH I LIKE ALEX, HER
BEING UP ON THE BLOCK IS A GOOD
GAME MOVE FOR ME, AND THE PEOPLE
I'M WORKING WITH.
SHE'S A FIERCE COMPETITOR, SO
SHE NEEDS TO GO.
>> FIRST CODY PUT ME ON THE
BLOCK AGAINST MEGAN, WHO WAS MY
FRIEND.
NOW HE PUTS ME ON THE BLOCK
AGAINST ALEX, WHO IS ALSO MY
FRIEND.
SO AT THIS POINT ANYONE I'M
ASSOCIATED WITH US, HE'S PUTTING
US UP ON THE BLOCK.
IT REALLY SUCKS.
I'M SITTING HERE LOOKING MYSELF
ON THE BLOCK.
CODY, IF I WIN THAT POWER OF
VETO, I'M COMING FOR YOU.
>> GET THE SHOWMANCE OUT OF THE
WAY.
>>>> YOU WERE EMOTIONAL.
>> I WAS NOT EMOTIONAL.
>> YES, YOU WERE.
>> NO, I WASN'T.
>> YOU GOT CHOKED UP.
>> I DID NOT.
>> YOU 100% DID.
>> NO, I DID NOT.
>> WHAT WOULD YOU CALL IT?
>> A BRIEF CLEARING OF THE
THROAT SO I COULD EXPRESS MY
THOUGHTS APPROPRIATELY.
I HAVE NOMINATED YOU, ALEX.
I WAS TRYING THE FIND LIKE ANY
WAY OUR INTEREST WOULD ALIGN AT
ALL, AND I COULDN'T FIND ANY
COMMON GROUND THERE.
>> I LOVE SEEING CODY GET
EMOTIONAL, AND IT'S A REALLY
CUTE SIDE OF HIM, HOWEVER, I
DON'T WANT TO SEE IT ABOUT ALEX.
>> OKAY.
I NEED TO BREAK THAT CONNECTION
OFF AND GET HER OUT OF THIS
HOUSE, BECAUSE IT'S NAUSEATING.
MAYBE YOU'RE OF A MARSHALL THAN
I THOUGHT.
>> PLEASE.
>> GOOD WORK, DUDE.
A LITTLE TOUGH, AND IT DOESN'T
MATTER WHOSE FEELINGS YOU HURT
RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S JUST MY PERSONNEL
OPINION.
I RESPECT THE WAY YOU DID IT.
I HAVE THE PENDENT OF PROTECTION
GUARANTEEING ME SAFETY FOR THREE
WEEKS, AND NO ONE KNOWS ABOUT
IT.
EVEN THOUGH I'M GOOD WITH ALL
ENDS OF THE HOUSE, I'M GOING TO
LEAN WHERE THE POWER IS AND
WHERE I SEE THE NUMBERS ARE THIS
WEEK.
I KNOW THAT'S NOT EASY, MAN, YOU
MADE TWO STRONG MOVES THE FIRST
WEEK OF THE GAME.
>> EVERYTHING PAUL EVER THROWS
AT ME IS JUST STUFF THAT HE
THINKS THAT I WANT TO HEAR.
I'M JUST NOT BUYING IT.
THIS IS HOW HE GOT THROUGH HIS
SEASON, AND I JUST DON'T LIKE
HIM.
>> I JUST WANTED TO COME HERE
AND TELL YOU, PUT THAT IN YOUR
HEAD IN THE FUTURE.
>> YOU HAVE BANANA IN YOUR
BEARD.
SERIOUSLY.
>> I DID NOT COME HERE TO FIND A
BOYFRIEND.
THE REASON THESE GIRLS ARE GOING
TO GET TO THE END IS BECAUSE
THEY TEAMED UP WITH GUYS WHO ARE
STRONGER THAN THEY ARE.
IT'S SO FRUSTRATING, DUDE.
>> ALEX IS MAKING A GOOD POINT
ABOUT THESE SHOWMANCES.
I MIGHT BE RODEO CLOWN, AND I'M
NOT FOOL.
BECAUSE ALEX HAS THE SAME
FEELINGS I DO, KEEPING HER IS
GOOD FOR MY GAME.
>> THE SMART THING TO DO WOULD
BE TO GET RID OF CODY.
HE'S A BEAST.
>> THE BEST-CASE SCENARIO IS YOU
WIN POV.
JASON IS ONE OF THE PEOPLE I
TRUST MOST IN THE HOUSE.
I HOPE JASON GETS PICKED FOR THE
VETO COMPETITION.
IF HE WIN, HE CAN STAY AND TAKE
ME OFF THE BLOCK.
IT'S A WIN-WIN.
I'M GOING TO FREAKIN' TAKE THEM
ALL OUT.
>> THIS IS DEFINITELY COOL.
I'M JUST POINTING IT OUT.
>> PERSONALLY I HAVE TO.
NO, NO, NO.
>> I JUST HAVE THE FIRST POV
TOMORROW.
IF I HAVE TO PICK, I'M GOING TO
OF COURSE JASON.
AND I KNOW REGARDLESS, IT SUCKS
FOR ME BECAUSE I KNOW IF I COME
OFF, SHE'S GOING HOME.
>> SO HOW COME YOU NEVER WANTED
TO ROLL OVER?
>> THE GIRLS DON'T LIKE ME.
YOU WANT A SHOWMANCE, GO ON "THE
BACHELOR."
>> I'M PASSIONATE ABOUT MY GAME.
BUT EMOTIONALLY, I'M NOT INTO A
SHOWMANCE.
>> I DON'T WANT THE COMPETE
AGAINST YOU.
>> DO YOU WANT THE FIGURE IT
OUT.
>> I DEFINITELY DO.
>> I REGRET PUTTING UP ALEX.
SHE DESERVES TO BE HERE.
I'VE HAD RESPECT FOR ALEX SINCE
DAY ONE.
SHE'S STRONG.
SHE'S A GREAT COMPETITOR.
SO I REALLY NEED TO MAKE IT
RIGHT.
>> MY FAMILY TONIGHT HAVE TV.
THEY LIVE IN A PLACE WHERE THEY
DON'T HAVE GREAT RECEPTION.
>> HERE WE GO.
>> AS YOU KNOW, ONE OF YOUR
HOUSEMATES GAVE INTO TEMPTATION,
SO NOW IT'S TIME TO SUFFER THE
CONSEQUENCE.
>> HOUSEGUESTS, ONE BY ONE WE
WILL ALL REENTER THE DEN AND
PLACE HAND IN THE SERPENT'S
MOUTH.
>> NO, NO, NO.
>> ONE OF US WILL BE BITTEN AND
CURSED.
IF THE SNAKE'S EYES TURN GREEN,
YOU ARE SAFE.
IF THEY TURN POISON BLUE, YOU
HAVE BEEN CURSED.
>> I'M A GOD-FEARING WOMAN.
I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WOULD BE
CURSES IN THE "BIG BROTHER"
HOUSE.
WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN?
I'M FREAKING OUT.
>> ONLY THE BITTEN HOUSEGUEST
WILL LEARN THE DETAILS OF THIS
CURSE.
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS: THE PERSON
WHO ACCEPTED THE TEMPTATION
RANDOMLY SELECTED A NUMBER.
THIS PERSON DOES NOT KNOW WHICH
NUMBER HE OR SHE PICKED.
IF YOU ENTER THE DEN FIRST, YOUR
NUMBER IS ONE.
IF YOU ENTER THE DEN SECOND,
YOUR NUMBER IS TWO, AND SO ON.
IF THE NUMBER THAT YOU ENTER THE
DEN MATCHES THE RANDOMLY
SELECTED NUMBER, YOU WILL BE
BITTEN.
GOOD LUCK.
>> I HATE SNAKES.
>> CAN I GO FIRST?
>> WHY DON'T WE MAKE A LINE SO
WE KNOW.
>> LET'S MAKE A LINE.
LET'S MAKE A LINE.
>> I'M LIKE BRING IT ON, BECAUSE
I'VE BEEN ON THE BLOCK SINCE DAY
ONE.
MY GOOD FRIEND IS ON THE BLOCK
WITH ME.
I'M SLEEPING ON A BED OF SPIKES.
I'MDING SLOP EVERY DAY.
LET'S ADD ANOTHER ONE TO THE
LIST.
LET'S JUST CHECK IT OFF.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> I HATE SNAKES.
OH, GOD, I HATE SNAKES.
I'M NOT A FAN.
>> OH, GOD, THANK YOU.
I'M GOOD.
I GOT THE GREEN EYES.
GOOD JOB.
NOT ME.
>> OH, GOOD.
OH, GOOD.
WAIT, STOP.
YOU'RE LYING.
>> Announcer: YOU HAVE BEEN
BITTEN AND A NOMINATION CURSE
NOW RUNS THROUGH YOUR VEINS.
UNFORTUNATELY THIS CURSE WILL
FORCE YOU TO PLACE YOURSELF ON
THE CHOPPING BLOCK.
PRIOR TO NOMINATIONS BEING
REVEALED AT ONE OF THE NEXT
THREE CEREMONIES, YOU MUST PLACE
YOURSELF ON THE BLOCK AS A
SPECIAL THIRD NOMINEE, THUS
REVEALING YOUR CURSE TO THE
HOUSE.
IT'S UP TO YOU WHETHER YOU
CHOOSE TO REVEAL THE CURSE
BEFORE THEN.
>> OH, MY GOSH.
NOT ONLY ARE PEOPLE THAT I'M
CLOSE WITH ON THE BLOCK THIS
WEEK, I'M GOING TO HAVE TO PUT
MYSELF ON THE BLOCK WITHIN THE
NEXT THREE WEEKS.
I NEED A PLAN VERY STRATEGICALLY
WHEN I WANT TO DO THIS SO THAT I
KNOW THAT I'M GOING TO HAVE THE
VOTES TO STAY IN THE HOUSE.
>> THIS IS SO COOL.
>> AFTER ACCEPTING THAT
BEAUTIFUL TEMPTATION FROM
AMERICA, YOUR BOY DOESN'T HAVE
TO WORRY ABOUT ANY CURSES, SO
SNAKE DEN AND CHILL.
OH, GOD, NO.
>> THAT IS A HUGE SNAKE.
>> I CAN'T LOOK AT THIS THING.
I'M TERRIFIED OF SNAKES.
>> I HATE SNAKES.
>> OH, MAN.
>> IF IT BITES ME I'M GOING TO
BE PISSED.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> THAT'S A GOOD-LOOKING SNAKE.
AS FAR AS NASTY-ASS SNAKES GO.
>> I SEE THE SNAKE.
I DON'T CARE.
>> I'M GOOD.
I'M GOOD.
>> THAT SNAKE WOULD BE BEAUTIFUL
IN MY HOUSE.
>> HEY, Y'ALL, TIME TO PICK
PLAYERS FOR THE VETO
COMPETITION.
PLAYERS FOR THE VETO COMP!
ONLY SIX PEOPLE WILL PARTICIPATE
IN THE VETO COMPETITION, THE
HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD, THE TWO
NOMINEE, AND TWO OTHER PLAYERS
SELECTED BY RANDOM DRAW.
WILL THE NOMINEES PLEASE JOIN ME
UP HERE.
I NOMINATED ALEX.
SHE'S A TARGET ON MY SIDE OF THE
HOUSE, BUT SHE'S NOT THE ONE I
WANT THE GO HOME THIS WEEK.
AS H.O.H., I WILL PICK FIRST.
MATT.
>> RAVEN.
[APPLAUSE]
>> JASON.
>> BOOM.
INSTANT SMILES ALL AROUND.
IF I WIN IT, I KNOW I'M SAFE AND
I CAN GET ALEX OFF THE BLOCK.
>> I ALSO HAVE TO CHOOSE A HOST
FOR THE VETO COMPETITION, AND I
CHOOSE KEVIN.
"BIG BROTHER" WILL INFORM US
WHEN THE COMPETITION IS TO
BEGIN.
GOOD LUCK.
>> DUDE, THAT WAS PERFECT.
>> I KNOW, RIGHT.
>> YOU PICKING THAT WAS PERFECT.
RAVEN BEING UP THERE IS PERFECT.
>> I AM PUMPED.
I LIKE IT.
>> EVERYONE AROUND ME WANTS THE
GET ALEX OUT THIS WEEK, BUT IF
SHE WINS THIS VETO COMPETITION,
IT'S NOT NECESSARILY A BAD THING
FOR ME.
>> I JUST CAN'T IMAGINE HAVING
CODY PUT ANOTHER PERSON UP FOR
NOMINATION THIS WEEK.
>> IT CAN HAPPEN.
>> IT'S CRAZY.
>> YEAH.
>> IT'S NOT GOING TO.
>> I WALK OUT INTO THE YARD, AND
I SEE BEAUTIFUL SAND, SOME PALM
TREES, AND WHAT IS THAT, IS THAT
NEPTUNE HIMSELF, A BEAUTIFUL
MER-MAN?
OH, WAIT, THAT'S JUST KEVIN IN
MY CYST EARS HALLOWEEN COSTUME.
>> KEV, I LOVE IT, BUDDY.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
>> THIS GIRDLE IS KILLING ME.
NO WAY I WOULD HAVE EVER THOUGHT
I'D HAVE A MERMAID OUTFIT ON ON
TV.
>> SIT DOWN.
>> I'M BECOMING A DIFFERENT
PERSON.
I'M EMBRACING THE L.A.
LIFESTYLE.
I'M EATING YOGA AND GRANOLA.
WELCOME TO THE "BIG BROTHER"
RESORT.
PEOPLE COME FROM FAR AND WIDE TO
RELAX AND SEE THE STARS,
STARFISH THAT IS.
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS: ON GO, PULL
THE PLUG AND START THE WATER
FLOWING.
THEN FIND A STARFISH AND TAKE IT
UP THE BEACH TO YOUR STACKING
SHELVES.
YOU MAY ONLY BRING BACK ONE
STARFISH AT A TIME.
YOUR GOAL IS TO STACK AS MANY
STARFISH ON YOUR SHELF AS
POSSIBLE.
BUT BEWARE, YOU MAY ONLY STACK
STARFISH IF THERE IS WATER IN
YOUR AQUAPOD.
YOU NEED TO KEEP ADDING WATER IF
YOU NEED MORE STACKING TIME.
WHEN YOUR AQUAPOD RUNS OUT, YOUR
STACK IS YOUR SCORE.
THIS SUMMER, WHAT WOULD THE VETO
COMPETITION BE WITHOUT A LITTLE
TEMPTATION?
IF YOU'RE FIRST TO FIND A LARGE
GOLDEN STARFISH AND STACK IT ON
YOUR SHELF, YOU CAN AVOID BEING
A HAVE NOT FOR THE REST OF THE
SUMMER.
>> WOW.
>> NO MORE SLEEPING ON SPIKES.
>> BUT YOU'LL IMMEDIATELY
ELIMINATE YOURSELF FROM THE VETO
COMPETITION.
ONCE ONE PERSON CLAIMS THE
GOLDEN STARFISH, THE REST ARE
OUT.
WHO IS READY TO PLAY TO WIN?
>> GOOD LUCK, BITCHES.
[HORN SOUNDS]
COME ON, GUYS.
>> I NEED TO WIN THIS VETO
COMPETITION BECAUSE EVERYONE IN
THE HOUSE IS OUT THE GET ME.
IF I DON'T WIN NOW AND I STAY ON
THE BLOCK, I'M GOING HOME FOR
SURE.
>> THE FIRST THING I WANT TO DO
IS FILL UP MY AQUA CLOCK.
THE MORE TIME I HAVE TO STACK,
THE BETTER ODDS I HAVE TO WIN
THE POWER OF VETO.
>> GOOD WORK, GOOD WORK.
>> IT'S SUPER IMPORTANT THAT I
WIN THIS VETO COMPETITION.
I JUST WANT THE TAKE MYSELF OFF
THE BLOCK, RELAX, AND PUT MY
TOES IN THE SAND.
>> GOOD JOB, GUYS.
GOOD JOB, JASON.
>> I'M SPRINTING THROUGH THIS
WATER AND STOCKPILING STARFISH.
I'M THINKING THERE'S A LIMITED
NUMBER OF STARFISH.
IF I CAN GATHER MORE, I'LL HAVE
THIS THING IN THE BAG.
SO I CAN KEEP MYSELF SAFE AND
SAVE ALEX, AS WELL.
>> KEEP IT GOING, GUYS.
KEEP IT GOING.
YOU GOT IT.
>> I REALLY WANT THE WIN THIS
VETO COMPETITION AND SEND ALEX
PACKING.
BUT AS SOON AS I SEE THAT GOLDEN
STARFISH, I HAVE TO GO FOR IT.
>> RAVEN HAS LOCKED IN THE
TEMPTATION STARFISH AND IS OUT
OF THIS COMPETITION.
>> KEEP IT GOING.
GOOD JOB, GUYS.
>> WHAT'S UP, JASON?
>> THIS COMPETITION IS TOUGHER
THAN WOODPECKER LIPS.
YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THE
SURFACE AREA.
YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT HOW MUCH
TIME YOU HAVE LEFT.
YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT YOUR
HANDS SHAKING UNDER THE HEAT OF
THE MOMENT.
IT'S INTENSE.
>> GOOD JOB, CODY.
>> GOOD JOB, MATT.
KEEP IT UP.
>> AS I'M PLAYING I'M TRYING TO
GRAB RANDOM STARFISH THAT ARE
CLOSE TO ME AND JUST PUT THEM IN
A PILE.
SO I'M THINKING THIS IS A STRONG
STRATEGY.
>> I'M JUST GOING TO GRAB SOME
OF MATT'S STARS AND BRING THEM
TO MY SIDE.
WORK SMARTER, NOT HARDER.
>> THANKS, MATT.
>> DON'T WORRY, GUYS.
>> KEEP PUMPING, KEEP PUMPING.
>> THE STARS ARE NOT ALIGNING OR
STACKING UP FOR THESE GUYS.
IT'S A MESS.
>> COME ON, GUYS, LET'S GO.
>> LOOK, MATT, I KNOW YOU'RE A
HOT-LOOKING SALT-AND-PEPPER
DUDE, BUT I THINK YOUR AGE IS
STARTING TO CATCH UP WITH THE
BRAIN, BECAUSE YOU LOOK SUPER
CONFUSED.
>> I HAVE TEN STARFISH STACKED.
MY THINKING, THIS IS LIKE
BLACKJACK, IT'S IN THE GREAT,
BUT THERE'S A GOOD CHANCE THE
REST OF THE HOUSE MIGHT BUST.
I JUST NEED THIS AQUA CLOCK TO
RUN OUT FASTER SO NONE OF MY
STARFISH FALL.
>> AND MATT IS CURRENTLY IN THE
LEAD WITH TEN STARFISH.
>> YEAH, MATT.
>> GOOD JOB, JASON.
>> I FIGURED OUT THERE'S ONLY SO
MANY STARFISH YOU CAN STACK
BEFORE THEY'RE HIGH ENOUGH IT
JUST BECOMES UNSTABLE.
I DON'T NEED TO MAKE THE TRIPS
BACK AND FORTH TO MY AQUA POD.
IT'S BEST TO FOCUS AND BUILD MY
PUZZLE AND LOCK IN MY SCORE.
>> GOOD JOB, JASON.
>> WAY TO GO, WAY TO GO.
>> JASON TAKES THE LEAD WITH 14
STARFISH.
>> STAY FOCUSED, GUYS.
STAY FOCUSED.
>> COME ON, JILLIAN, KEEP IT UP.
>> IT'S BETWEEN ME, ALEX AND
CODY.
I MAY BE BEHIND, BUT I CAN CATCH
UP AND I CAN MAYBE WITNESS
THINGS.
-- WIN THIS THING.
>> YOU GOT IT.
>> I THINK YOU'RE GOOD, CODY.
>> 14 IS THE NUMBER TO BEAT.
>> I KNOW JASON'S SCORE IS
LOCKED IN, BUT I DON'T KNOW IF
HE HAS ENOUGH STARS TO KEEP ME
IN THE GAME.
I NEED TO KEEP GOING.
I NEED TO BEAT CODY.
>> YOU GOT THIS, CODY.
>> I SEE THAT THERE'S ONLY A
COUPLE MINUTES LEFT.
I LOOK OVER, AND ALEX IS DOING
WELL.
IT MIGHT BE IN MY BEST INTEREST
TO THROW IN THE TOWEL AND LET
HER TAKE THIS.
>> THERE IT IS.
>> KEEP GOING.
>> THAT'S FINE, THAT'S FINE.
>> CODY, YOU ARE GIVING UP.
THIS WAS NEVER THE PLAN, AND
IT'S RAISING SOME MAJOR RED
FLAGS IN MY HEAD.
ARE YOU TRYING TO GIVE ALEX THE
WIN.
>> CODY, COME ON.
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING, CODY?
THESE STARFISH WON'T STACK
THEMSELVES.
>> CODY LOCKS IN WITH TWO.
>> YOU GOT IT.
>> COME ON, CLOCK, LET'S DO
THIS.
RUN IT OUT.
>> CHILL.
>> I HAVE NO CHILL.
THIS IS A -- I HAVE 16 STARS UP.
THAT'S THE MOST IN THIS
COMPETITION, BUT THIS WATER IS
COMING OUT DRIP BY DRIP.
IT'S LIKE WATCHING COFFEE BE
MADE.
I'M LYING DYING.
>> ALEX TAKES THE LEAD WITH 16
STARFISH.
JILLIAN IS LOCKED IN AT TEN.
CONGRATULATIONS, ALEX, WITH 16
STARS, ALEX HAS WON THE POWER OF
VETO.
>> HEY, CODY, YOU WANT THE SEE
MY SHOWMANCE, THE POWER OF VETO.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?
YOU AND THE OTHER SHOWMANCES ARE
GOING DOWN.
THANKS, BABE.
>> ALEX WINS, AND WHILE I'M
HAPPY FOR HER, I'M STILL STUCK
ON THE BLOCK, AND I DON'T SEE IT
COMING TO AN END ANY TIME SOON.
>> ALEX WINS THE VETO.
I'M EXTREMELY HAPPY, BUT I CAN'T
SHOW IT.
NOW ALEX CAN TAKE HERSELF OFF
THE BLOCK, AND I CAN GO AFTER
SOMEONE IN THIS GAME THAT I
HAVEN'T REALLY TRUSTED FROM THE
START.
>> GOOD JOB.
>> I JUST WON THE POWER OF VETO.
I'M NOT SURE IF CODY JUST THREW
THIS CHALLENGE.
I DON'T NEED NO MAN TO TAKE CARE
OF ME.
GO TAKE CARE OF YOUR SHOWMANCE,
CODY, BECAUSE IT'S LOOKING LIKE
YOU NEED SOME HELP.
>> DID YOU LET ME WIN?
>> I MADE A CHOICE TO LET ALEX
TAKE THIS COMPETITION.
>> I TRUST YOU.
>> PLEASE DO.
>> I WANT THE MAKE A BIG GAME
MOVE AND I DON'T WANT ANYBODY TO
SEE IT COMING.
>> I WAS SHOCKED, TO BE HONEST.
I WASN'T EXPECTING CODY TO... I
DIDN'T UNDERSTAND HIS STRATEGY.
>> I DIDN'T EITHER.
>> I WAS LIKE, CODY'S SMARTER
THAN THAT.
>> AND THEN WHEN HE GAVE UP AT
THE END, THAT REALLY IRKED ME.
>> I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND.
>> IF IT WAS MEGAN OR JOSH, HE
WOULD NOT HAVE GIVEN UP.
I FEEL LIKE HE WANTED HER TO BE
PULLED OFF.
HE DIDN'T WANT TO BE THE ONE TO
SEND HER HOME.
>> YEAH.
BUT THAT PUTS OUR GAME IN
JEOPARDY, SO WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU
ON?
I HAVE MY SUSPICIONS THAT CODY
THREW THIS VETO COMP, AND I'M
REALLY ANGRY.
I'M TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT
THE HELL HE'S DOING.
ALEX IS NOT ON OUR SIDE OF THE
HOUSE.
>> GOOD JOB, AL.
>> I THINK HE THREW IT.
>> I REALLY DON'T BELIEVE THAT.
>> I CAN'T SEE.
I'M TOO SHORT.
HE CAME AND TALKED TO ME
AFTERWARD.
AND HE'S LIKE, I GOT A PLAN.
I WAS LIKE... EVERYBODY SAW.
>> NOW THAT SHE'S WON THE VETO,
I'M SUPER NERVOUS BECAUSE I'M AN
ATHLETIC THREAT.
I'M IN THE IN A SHOWMANCE.
I'M NOT IN THE GROUPS THAT ARE
ESSENTIALLY LEADING THE PACK.
I'M JUST A FREAKING SITTING
DUCK.
>> SHE NEEDED TO GO HOME THIS
WEEK, BECAUSE IT JUST PUTS OUR
ENTIRE PLAN IN JEOPARDY.
>> I AGREE.
>> YOU'RE CRAZY RIGHT NOW,
AREN'T YOU?
>> I'M SO MAD.
>> SO ALEX WIN THE VETO, THAT
WAS NOT GOOD.
WE FELT VERY CONFIDENT GOING IN
WE COULD GET HER HOME THIS WEEK.
NOW THAT'S DEFINITELY NOT GOING
TO HAPPEN.
SO THE PEOPLE I'M WORKING WITH
DEFINITELY NEED TO FIGURE OUT A
NEW GAME PLAN.
>> CAN I MAKE A QUICK POINT?
WHO IS HER CLOSEST PERSON?
>> JASON.
JASON IS A GOOD OPTION BECAUSE
HE'S STRONG.
>> YEAH, AGREED.
ALSO A SHARP KID.
I THINK WE --
>> YOU'RE 100% RIGHT.
>> I COULD BE WRONG.
>> I'M SAFE FOR THREE WEEKS.
MY SOCIAL STRATEGY IS WORKING
FLAWLESSLY AND I GET TO PLAY
PUPPET MASTER.
I'M PRETTY SURE I WAS GOING TO
DIE AND GO TO HELL, BUT I'M NOT
SO SURE NOW BECAUSE I MIGHT BE
IN HEAVEN.
>> I THINK WE MIGHT NEED TO PAY
ATTENTION TO WHAT RAMSES HAS
BEEN UP TO.
HE'S BEEN PICKING UP INFORMATION
FROM EVERYBODY.
>> PAUL IS TRYING TO PLAY ME
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE, BUT IT'S
ONLY MAKING ME DISLIKE HIM EVEN
MORE.
>> I'M JUST THROWING THIS ON THE
TABLE.
>> HE'S THE POISON IN OUR GROUP,
AND IF THIS GROUP IS GOING TO
LAST, I NEED TO GET RID OF PAUL.
>> I WANT TO HAVE A HEART TO
HEART WITHOUT EVERYONE ELSE
AROUND.
I WANT TO BE ON THE SAME PAGE
AND NOT ARGUE OR BE IN A WEIRD
PLACE.
>> I MEAN, I'M GOOD.
I'VE MADE MY POSITION PRETTY
CLEAR ON ALEX.
>> AND THAT'S FINE, BUT WHAT
THROUGH ME OFF IS THAT AT THE
END OF THE COMP, YOU HAD TWO
MINUTES LEFT AND YOU DIDN'T EVEN
TRY.
IT WAS ALMOST LIKE YOU WANTED
HER TO TAKE YOURSELF OFF THE
BLOCK.
YOU'RE NOT THAT PERSON TO THROW
IN THE TOWEL.
>> TRUST ME, I WANTED TO SWEEP
THIS WEEK AND HAVE CONTROL.
>> I JUST THINK YOU WANTED HER
TO PULL YOURSELF OFF THE BLOCK
SO YOU WOULDN'T BE THE ONE TO
SEND HER HOME.
>> I THOUSAND PERCENT WANTED TO
WIN THAT.
I DID TRY AS HARD AS I COULD FOR
ABOUT 28 MINUTES, AND ONCE I
REALIZED ALEX WAS GOING TO
PROBABLY TAKE IT, I DIDN'T TRY
AS HARD, BUT JESSICA IS
INTERROGATING ME.
SHE KEEPS GRILLING.
I JUST GOT TO HOLD FIRM AND KEEP
SOME INFORMATION TO MYSELF.
>> EVERYONE ON THE SIDE OF THE
HOUSE OBVIOUSLY LOOKS AT YOU AS
A LEADER.
>> RIGHT.
>> THAT'S COMPLETELY CLEAR.
SO EVERYONE WANTS TO TRUST YOU,
BUT ALEX BEING AROUND PUTS
EVERYBODY ELSE IN JEOPARDY.
>> I'M SICK OF EVERYBODY BEING
WORRIED ABOUT ALEX.
I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT ALEX AT
ALL.
I DON'T KNOW WHY EVERYBODY ELSE
IS.
>> BECAUSE SHE'S THE ONLY PERSON
THAT CAN PUT A WRENCH IN OUR
PLAN.
FROM THE BEGINNING I'VE HAD MY
ISSUES WITH 58 EX, BUT CODY'S
RELATIONSHIP WITH HER IS MAKING
IT WORSE.
I'M TRYING HAVE A COOL, CALM AND
COLLECTED CONVERSATION, EVEN
THOUGH INSIDE MY EMOTIONS ARE
GOING INSANE.
>> CAN WE MAYBE PLAY IT SAFE FOR
ONE MORE WEEK?
>> I'M NOT EVER GOING TO PLAY IT
SAFE.
EVER.
>> WHAT'S UP, BIG GUY?
>> I JUST WANTED TO TELL YOU, A,
BEING THE FIRST H.O.H. IS
HARDEST, B, HAVING TO NOMINATE
FOUR PEOPLE IS THE WORST.
>> I WANT TO TALK TO CODY
BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO GIVE ANY
CLUES OR HINTS THAT I HAVE THIS
PENDANT OF PROTECTION.
SO I WANT TO FEEL HIM OUT AND
SEE WHAT HE'S THINKING FOR THESE
NOMINATIONS.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEAS?
HAVE YOU BEEN NOTICING ANYTHING
WEIRD?
HAVE YOU BEEN PICKING UP ON
ANYTHING?
NOTHING?
I DON'T WANT INFORMATION OUT OF
YOU.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I'M ASKING.
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW ANYTHING.
THAT'S YOUR GAME PLAY.
THIS GUY DOES NOT GIVE ANY
INFORMATION OUT.
HE'S EMOTIONLESS, DOESN'T TALK,
AT THIS POINT THE TOOTHBRUSH IS
MAKING MORE NOISE THAN HE, IS
BUT I JUST KIND OF FEEL THAT
SOMETHING IS OFF.
>> I JUST THOUGHT I'D COME, PICK
YOUR BRAIN.
>> MY ACTIONS ARE GOING THE
SPEAK LOUDER THAN MY WORDS.
THIS IS MY H.O.H. THIS WEEK.
NOBODY IS GOING TO KNOW THAT I'M
PUTTING PAUL ON THE BLOCK UNTIL
THE VETO MEETING, ESPECIALLY NOT
YOU, PAUL.
>> SO HAVE A GOOD NIGHT, DO WHAT
YOU GOT TO DO.
>> ANY FEEL?
>> AND IF IT'S NOT, IT'S GOING
TO BE COMPLETELY OUT OF THE
BLUE.
>> ARE YOU SURE?
>> NO.
>> AN HONEST ANSWER IS A GOOD
ONE, BUT I'M JUST ASKING FOR
YOUR INTUITION FOR MY OWN
PARANOIA.
>> I DON'T THINK YOU HAVE A
PROBLEM.
>> SO IT'S NOT JUST ME?
>> NOBODY REALLY HAS A SOLID
READ FROM CODY, BUT I FEEL GOOD
WITH HIM, NOT SUPER WARM AND
FUZZY.
HOPEFULLY HE PUTS UP JASON, AND
THIS TIME WE'RE GOING TO TAKE A
WIN.
>> WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND, MAN?
>> NOTHING.
I JUST FEEL LIKE IT'S ABOUT TO
GET REAL, AND SO I WAS JUST
GOING THE SEE IF YOU WERE
THINKING ABOUT PUTTING ME UP
THERE BECAUSE THERE'S NO GETTING
OFF.
>> IF I PUT YOU UP YOU'RE,
GOING.
>> YEAH, BECAUSE NOBODY IS GOING
TO VOTE FOR JILLIAN BECAUSE
SHE'S NOT A THREAT.
>> RIGHT.
>> SO WHOEVER GOES ON THE BLOCK
NOW IS THE ONE THAT'S LEAVING.
>> I AGREE.
HERE'S WHAT I NEED TO HAPPEN.
I JUST HAVE LIKE CERTAIN PEOPLE
THAT ARE CLOSE TO ME THAT I WANT
THE PROTECT.
I NEED YOU NEXT WEEK IF YOU GET
H.O.H. TO NOT PUT UP DOMINIQUE
AND THEN THE COUPLES.
>> BUT SEE IT'S HARD...
>> I GET IT.
IT'S A... THAT'S SEVEN PEOPLE,
INCLUDING MYSELF.
THAT I'M WANTING TO PROTECT, BUT
I'M SAVING YOU THIS WEEK.
EVERYONE WANTS YOU TO GO.
I WANT TO PROTECT YOUR
INTERESTS, TOO.
>> CODY'S PROPOSAL IS
UNREALISTIC, BUT I LITERALLY AM
STANDING WITH MY BACK TO THE
CHUTE.
I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING OTHER THAN
THE I VIPIR 6 CHAIR.
-- THE EVICTION CHAIR.
SO I EITHER TAKE HIS DEAL OR
TAKE A CHAIR.
>> I NEED YOU TO REALIZE THE
NAMES I DIDN'T MENTION.
I DIDN'T MENTION CHRISTMAS.
I DIDN'T MENTION PAUL.
I'M GOING TO MAKE A MOVE THAT'S
GOING TO PROTECT YOUR NUMBERS
AND THEN ALSO TAKE AWAY FROM
MINE.
AND IT SOUNDS SO
COUNTERINTUITIVE, BUT IT'S... IT
WILL BE COOL.
>> BETH PAUL AND CHRISTMAS ARE
IMPOSSIBLE TO CONTROL, AND IF
I'M GOING TO TAKE SOMETHING OUT,
IT'S GOING TO BE A BIG GAME.
>> THAT'S GOOD.
>> NOBODY'S GOING TO SEE IT
COMING.
>> WE'RE GOOD.
>> Announcer: IT'S TIME FOR
AMERICA'S VOTE.
YOU CAN VOTE TO TEMPT A
HOUSEGUEST OF YOUR CHOICE INSIDE
THE DEN OF TEMPTATION.
EACH TEMPTATION OFFERS AN
ADVANTAGE THAT COULD HELP THEM
IN THE GAME, BUT REMEMBER, IT
ALSO COMES WITH A CONSEQUENCE
THAT WILL AFFECT ONE OR MORE OF
THEIR HOUSEGUESTS.
THE SECOND TEMPTATION IS THE
RING OF REPLACEMENT.
WHO DO YOU WANT TO RECEIVE THIS
WEEK'S TEMPTATION?
GO TO CBS.COM/BBVOTE FOR ALL THE
DETAILS AND TO VOTE NOW.
REMEMBER, A HOUSEGUEST CAN ONLY
BE TEMPTED INSIDE THE DEN OF
TEMPTATION ONCE, SO CHOOSE
WISELY.
FOR FREE ONLINE VOTING GO TO
CBS.COM/BBVOTE.
>> IT'S NOT THAT I DON'T TRUSTED
YOU, IT'S JUST YOU ARE RISKING A
LOT, AND I WANT TO KEEP US HERE.
AND I'M BEING PROTECTIVE OF
THAT.
YOU SHOULD BE HERE BECAUSE YOU
DESERVE IT.
>> WELL, ALEX -- I DID NOT MEAN
TO SAY THAT.
I SCREWED UP.
I MEAN, I'M RECKLESS.
HE'S WHAT I DO.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU CAN
APPRECIATE THAT OR NOT.
>> HEY, EVERYBODY, IT'S TIME FOR
THE VETO MEETING.
>> I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA
WHAT CODY IS GOING TO DO RIGHT
NOW.
HE REFUSES TO SHARE ANYTHING
WITH ANYONE FROM OUR GROUP.
ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN TODAY.
>> THIS IS A VETO MEETING.
JILLIAN AND I HAVE BEEN
NOMINATED FOR EVICTION, BUT I
HAVE THE POWER TO VETO ONE OF
THE NOMINATIONS.
I HAVE DECIDED TO USE THE POWER
OF VETO ON MYSELF.
CODY, SINCE I HAVE JUST VETOED
ONE OF YOUR NOMINATIONS FOR
EVICTION, YOU WILL HAVE TO NAME
A NEW HOUSEGUEST AS A
REPLACEMENT NOMINEE.
>> SO I'VE KEPT THE BASELINE OF
NOT TELLING ANYBODY MY PERSONAL
CONVERSATIONS BECAUSE I WANTED
TO PIECE TOGETHER WHO I CAN
TRUST AND WHO I CAN'T TRUST IN
THIS GAME, AND THERE IS ONE
COMMON THREAD IN EACH OF THOSE
CONVERSATIONS, THERE IS SOMEONE
THAT IS TRYING TO SOW DISLOYALTY
AND DISTRUST TOWARD MY GAME AND
MYSELF, AND I TAKE THAT AS A
PERSONAL ATTACK, SO MY
REPLACEMENT NOMINEE IS PAUL.
TAKE A SEAT.
>> WHAT IS THAT?
>> HE GOT THE TEMPTATION.
>> LAST WEEK AMERICA TEMPTED ME
WITH A PENDENT OF PROTECTION AND
I TOOK IT.
THE PENDENT KEEPS ME SAFE FOR
THE NEXT THREE EVICTION,
THEREFORE I CANNOT BE NOMINATED.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> SORRY, CODY.
THAT MEANS YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO PICK A NEW REPLACEMENT
NOMINEE.
>> CHRISTMAS, YOU GOT SCREWED.
TAKE A SEAT.
>> THIS VETO MEETING IS
ADJOURNED.
>> APPRECIATE YOU'RE A STRAIGHT
SHOOTER.
NICE JOB.
>> NOW I KNOW WHO I CAN TRUST IN
THIS HOUSE.
>> OH, SO THIS WAS YOUR AGENDA
TO, TRY TO BACK DOOR THE VET?
REAL ORIGINAL, BUDDY.
YOU JUST SHOWED YOUR CARDS TO
THE ENTIRE HOUSE, SO GUESS WHAT,
CODY, I'M GOING TO PLAY THE
VICTIM AND TURN THIS TABLE REAL
QUICK.
>> MY SIDE OF THE HOUSE JUST
SPLIT IN TWO, AND I HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE I'M GOING TO LAND IN THIS.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING, CODY?
>> HOW COULD ANYBODY EVEN
STRATEGIZE AT THIS POINT?
I HAVE HAD TO PUT A THIRD OF THE
HOUSE UP FOR NOMINATION SO FAR.
THIS IS THE WORST TWIST THAT
COULD POSSIBLY HAPPEN TO ME
RIGHT NOW.
IT'S GAME ON BETWEEN ME AND
PAUL.
>> CODY NOMINATES CHRISTMAS, AND
THIS IS THE FOURTH PERSON THAT I
HAVE TO BE ON THE BLOCK AGAINST,
AND LET ME TELL YOU, I AM NOT
GOING ANYWHERE.
>> I AM ABSOLUTELY BLIND SIDED.
PAUL IS BLIND SIDED BECAUSE CODY
YOU ABSOLUTELY PULLED THE RUG
OUT FROM ALL OF US, SO YOU BEST
BELIEVE THAT I'M GOING TO
CAMPAIGN MY AS OFF THE STAY
HERE, AND I'M COMING FOR YOU
NEXT WEEK.
COMPETITION CHRISTMAS IS OUT,
AND I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, WHEN
THAT BITCH IS UNLEASHED, THERE
IS NO STOPPING HER.
>> WHO WILL BE EVICTED FROM THE
"BIG BROTHER" HOUSE, JILLIAN OR
CHRISTMAS?
PLUS THE HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD IS UP
FOR GRABS.
WHO WILL RISE TO POWER?
FIND OUT LIVE THURSDAY AT 9:00,
8:00 CENTRAL ON "BIG BROTHER."
Captioning funded by CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org